what is one question I would have asked earlier well I did ha I well that's
not something I was never shy about asking questions and frankly
I've been my model that was a CV in World War two and my older brother
was a class of the five at the Naval Academy and while the old
adage is never volunteer for anything in the military one thing I never
found any hesitation I never had any hesitation about asking juniors
are asking senior officers questions because a they want to buy
you a beer now it is by your coffee okay what you want to go and ask
a lot of questions because they have forgotten war I've got more
than you have learned to date so if if anything we learn those letters
I should go ask questions there's somebody out there they have made
their mistakes we would like to pass that knowledge on to you and
I would say do not be afraid to ask a question there are no dumb questions
there literally are all questions because someone has done it
and they don't want you to make a mistake in the future